 
 
United States Patent Office.
J. B. CAMPBELL, Of CINCINNATI, TO..-
Letters Patent No. 100,256, dated March 1, 1870.
——— rt em
 
IMPROVED SPIN-ED BOTTOM.
i
The Schedule referred to in these Letters Patent and making part of the same.
To all whom it may concern:
Be it known that I, J. B, CAMPBELL, of Cincinnati,
in the county of Hamilton, and State of Ohio, have
invented a new and useful Improvement in Bed-Bot-
tons; and i do hereby declare that the following is 2
full and exact description thereof, reference being had
to the accompanying drawings making a part of this
specification. ‘
First, I use a steel-wire spring, A, made in the
shape of a spiral cone, running to a small circumfer-
once at the top, and the end @ of the wire at the top
of the spring is turned up vertically about one-quad-
ter of an inch or more, and the end of the wire at the
bottom or large end of the spring is turned down ver-
finally about one-half of an inch, or more, making a
spring shaped as shown at Figure 3 in the drawings:
Second, these springs are connected to cross-bar B
of a length to suit. the width of the bedstead, by in-
sorting the halftinch extension of the wire at the bot-
tom of each spring inte a suitable hole in the cross-
bar. As many springs may be put on the cross-bar as
there are intended to be used of seats, and then these
springs are to be fastened on by extending a band, ©,
of webbing, or equivalent flexible material, and an-
other band, D, of metal or other suitable stiff material,
secured at the ends to the ends of the cross-bar, and
extending over the tops of all the springs thereon.
 
i
The quarter inch extensions of the wires at the top
of the springs are to be inserted into suitable holes in
the bands, thus holding the springs te the cross-bar
and making a spring cross-bar complete, as shown at
Figure 2 of the drawings. As many of these spring
cross-bars may be used as desired in each-bed-bottom.
Third, suitable seats Hare used, running lengthwise
of the bed, suitable holes being made in them where
they cross the spring cross-bars, and into these holes
are inserted the quarter-inch extensions of the wires
at the tops of the springs. ‘Thus the seats are held in
their places with or without other listening.
The whole bed-bottom is light,.durable, and port-
able, can be’ easily taken apart, and is complete in
itself. . Oo
What I claim as my invention, and desire to secure
by Letters Patent, is— ~
The construction and arrangement of the flexible
bands C And stiff bands D D, in combination with
the springs A A, having vertical projections @ a and
Db, and with the cross-bars B Band seats En, as and
for the purpose herein specified. ,
J. B. CAMPBELL.
Witnesses:
Cup. F. BEL,
Gro. K. ROBERT.
 
Invited States
Patent Office.
 
 
MON MOS, Of MALONE, NEW OR.
Letters Patent No. 101,494, dated April 5, 1870; antedated April J, 1870.
Lo.
IMPROVEMENT In OP-PICEER.
$1
The Schedule referred to in these Letters Patent and making part of the same.
—_—_——
To all whom it may concern:
_ Be it known that I, Row Moss, of Malone,
in the county of Franklin and State of New York,
have invented a new and useful Improvement in
Hop-Packers; and Ido hereby declare that the ’fol-
losing is a full, clear, and exact description thereof,
which will enable others skilled in the art to make and
use the same, reference being had to the accompany-
ing drawings forming part of this specification, in
which—
Figure 1 is'a top view of my improved machine,
part being broken away to show the construction. |
Figure 2 is a vertical longitudinal section of the
same; taken through the line a z, fig. 1.
Similar letters of reference indicate like parts.
My invention has for its object to furnish an im-
proved machine for picking hops from the vines, sep-
rating them from the vines aud leaves, and cleaning
them, which shall be simple in construction and effect-
‘ive in operation, doing its work quickly and-well.
It consists in the construction and combination of
various parts of the machine, as hereafter more ‘fully
described. . oo
A is the frame of the machine.
B is the feed-apron. . ‘
C are the feed-rollers, which may be made of rub-
ber or other suitable material, the lower one of which
‘revolves in stationary bearings attached to the frame
The bearings of the upper feed-roller C are placed
in a vertical slot in supports attached to. the frame A,
so that the said upper feed-roller may give, to com-
mdate itself to the varying thickness of the vines
passing between said feed-rollers.
The bearings of the upper feed-roller C are held
down by coiled or equivalent springs, so that they
may hold the vines with the necessary strength, while,
at the same time, they give, to adjust the roller © to
the varying. thickness.of the vines passing through the
machine.
' To the ends of the journals of the feed-rollers C,
upon one side of the machine, are attached finger-
gear wheels J, the teeth of which mesh into each
other, so that the one: roller may be driven by the
other. . . ;
To one of the journals of the lower feed-roller G ig
attached a large gear-wheel, D, the teeth of which
mesh into the teeth of the small gear-wheel En, at-
cached to the journal of the picked-cylinder }, so
that the said feed-rollers may receive motion from the
said picked-cylinder F, and so that the said feed-roll-
ers may move at a less velocity ‘than the said picked-
cylinder, and thus hold the vines against the action of
the teeth of the picked-cylinder I, :
The cylinder F is furnished with four, more or less, ’
rows of teeth or packers, 7’, by the action of which
 
thé clusters of hops, vines, and leaves are torn in
pieces, and pass beneath the cylinder F, along the
concave G.
The concave G is made of iron or other suitable
vital, and upon sich a.curve that there may be a
little space between the ends of the teeth f’ and the |
surface*of the concave G, where ‘the hops pass in,
said space becoming less and less until where the hops
pass out the teeth 7’ may just clear the surface of the
said concave.
The concave G is removable secured in place, so
that, as it becomes worn, it may be conveniently re-
moved and replaced with a new one. :
The cylinder F and the upper part of the upper
feed-role © are covered and increased with a remove-
ble cap, H, to prevent the hops from being scattered
byte rapid revolution of the cylinder F.
Lis a:plate, attached to the side of the cap H, or
to some otlicr suitable support.
The lower edge of the plate I projects inward to or
newly to the surface of the cylinder F, and is slotted,
to allow the teeth or packers 7” of said cylinder F to
pass through, as shown in figs, 1 and 2, the slotted
plate or comb I thus cleaning off the teeth of the el-
index, and thus preventing any of the hops or vines
f-om being carried back by said teeth.
K is a sport, leading forward from the cylinder F,
and the forward part of which is curved downward, so
as to allow-the hops, vines, and leaves to drop through
the lower part of the machine, where, while falling,
they are exposed to the blast of air issuing from the
sport Of the fan-blower.
‘The blast of the fin-blower must be sufficiently
strong to separate the hops from the vines and leaves,
so that, while the vines and leaves drop upon the
ground or into a receptacle prepared to receive them,
the hops.may be driven into and through the sport
M, by which they are conducted into the desired recap-
table.
As the hops ave very light, the mouth of the sport
M should be.made somewhat hopper-shaped, and the
sport should be so adjusted in place upon the frame
A that its mouth may be in a-direct line with the
sport L of the fan-blower,
The shaft N, to which the fis O are attached, is
driven from the picked-cylinder F* by the band P, which
passes around the pulled Q, attached to the end of
one of the journals of said cylinder F, and around
the pulled R, attached to the end of the journal of the
fan-shaft N, as shown ia dotted lines in fig, 2.
Having thus described in invention,
T claim as new and desire to secure by Letters
Patent— .
4. In combination with a self-graduating feed device,
the revolving fingered cylinder I, the former revolt-
ing ata slow, while. the latter revolves at an access-
 101,4rated velocity, and the former thus holding, while the | cylinder F, cap H, comb or cleaner-plate I, sport K,
latter strips the hops from the vines, in the manner | fan-blower Ns, blast-sport L, and sport M, with
described. . each other, said parts being constructed and arranged
2, The slotted or comb-plate I, in combination with | substantially as herein show and described, and for
the picked-cylinder F, substantially as herein shown | the purpose set forth,
and described, and for the purpose set forth. The above specification of my invention signed by
3. The sport M, constructed substantially as de- | me this 15th day of June, 1868.
series, in combination with the sports K and L, to MON MOS.
receive and collect the hops driven off by the blast, Witnesses:
substantially as herein shown and described. FAN BLOCKLEY,
4. The combination of the feed-rollers C, picked- LE. I", ROBERT.
United States
Patent, Office.
 
 
COLLIER V. HEMENWAY, Of NEW LONDON, HI, ASSIGNOR To HIMSELF
AND A. A POWER, Of SAM PLA. :
Letters Patent No. 101,616, dated April 5, 1870.
 
IMPROVEMENT In BRI-MACHINES.
te
~
' The Schedule referred to in these Letters Patent and making part of the same.
I I
To all whom it may concern :
Be: it known that I, Center V. Hemingway, of
New London, in the county of Huron and State of
Ohio, have invented a certain new and improved Brick-
Machine; and Ido hereby declare that the following
is a fall, clear, and complete description of the saint,
reference being had to the accompanying drawings
making part of this specification, in which drawings—
Plate 1—Figure 1 is a front elevation of the ma-.
china. -
Figure 2, a view of the top. -_
- Figure 3, a view of the under side.
Figure:4, a detached section.
Plate 2—Figure 5 is a side view.
Like letters of reference refer to like parts in the
several views.
'— Objective.
This invention relates to a machine for molding arid
pressing bricks, the press being worked by a pair of
segment gears or levers. engaging in a vertical stand-
ard aid operated by a series of revolving radial arms,
whereby said standard is raised and lowered for press-
ing the bricks, as hereafter more fully described.
Descriptive,
In fig. 1, A represents a case or body of the ma-
china into which the clay is thrown to be reduced to
.& proper consistency for molding, and which is done
by .a system of revolving radial arms, as ordinarily.
practiced. L,
At the lower front end of the case is the press-box
’ B, fig. 5, into which the clay is received from the
case and forced into the mold ©, immediately under
said box, by means of the follower fitted therein D,
fig. 2, and attached to the Power end of the standard
E, whereby it is operated by the segmental gear or
levers F G, fig. 1, as hereafter shown. ,
His a shaft, standing vertically in the center of the
case, to the upper end of which is secured a wheel, I,
to which motion is given by a opinion, J, secured to
the shaft K.
To said wheel I aré piloted six radial arms Lt,
all of which may be turned up to a vertical position,
as shown in figs, 1 and 5. oe
It will be observed that four of said arms L are ar-
ranged at right angles to each other, as shown in fig.
2, whereas the-two arms M, which are shown as be-
ing turned up, and represented as extended by the
dotted lines ¢, in fig. 2, together with the arm L’, are
arranged equidistant in the wheel, forming trinity of
arms instead of a quartering, as in the above instance,
the purpose of which will presently be shown.
- To the lower end of the shaft H, immediately ua-
der the bottom of the case, is secured a wheel, N, fig.
 
3, in which is arranged a duplication of the piloted
arms just described, and with which they relatively
co-operate in their numerical number, and which are:
also indicated by corresponding letters.,
Below said wheel is a shaft, O, having its bearings
in the sides of the base of the case.
To said shaft is secured an arm, P,.fig. 2, to the.
upper end of which is piloted a slide, Q, a front view
of which is’ shown in fig. 1, .
_ The position of the arm and slide, when at rest,.is
that shown in fig. 2, and is thus assumed by the spring
R, fig. 1. °
Operative.
The operation of this machine is as follows, viz:
_ The clay, on being properly prepared, is then forced
from the case into the press-box referred to, under
which is inserted mold 8. Through the-opening Tin
the side of the case, a. second mold, U, is inserted be-
teen that immediately under the press-box and the
slide Q. This being done, theclay is forced from the
box into the mid underneath by the follower D,
which is driven downward from the position seen in
fig. 1 to that shown in fig. 4, thereby forcing the clay
from the box. through the bottom. into the mold bes
low. ; . ot
The arm L, on leaving the lever F, immediately en-
pages the lever G, thereby elevating the follower .
again to’ the position seen in fig. 1, which is again
forced down by the next arm L, in the order of their
arrangement, which, in this instance, is four times
during one revolution of the wheel I, therefore. filling
four molds in succession at.each rotation of the wheel
and arms. -
During the same time the filled molds are dis-
charged from under the press-box by thé slide Q re-
feared to, which is operated as above said by the arm
P, which is thrown forward. by the radial.arms L dur-
ing the revolution of the wheel N.
The arrangement of the radial arms of the wheel
N is such as to conform to that of the radial arms of
the wheel I in number, position, and their revolt-
tion is so. timed in relation to the movement of the
follower that the slide is pushed forward at the in-
start that said follower begins to ascend, thereby
pressing against the side of the empty: mold-V, fig. 5,.
forcing it outward against the filled mold S, which
‘will be driven from under the press onto the table W,
as indicated by the dotted lines }, fig. 5, and, as 2 con-
sequence, bringing the empty mold under the press
to be filled’ by the now descending follower, during
which descent is inserted another empty mold behind
that under the press, which, in like- manner, will be
‘forced under the press by the slide, and, in turn, push-
ing forward the now filled mold onto the table, and soon four times during one revolution of the wheels and
arms, both of which operate relatively and conjointly
in filling the molds and discharging them from under
the press.
A less number than four molds may be filled during
one @ revolution of the wheel and radial arms by ele-
rating the arms one, two, and three, fig. 2,.and ex-
tending the arms M, as indicated by the dotted lines
¢, also, the arms for. discharging the molds must: be
arranged correspondingly. ‘This change will lessen
the capacity of the machine one-fourth, giving three
filled molds at each revolution instead of four.
The capacity of the machine may be.reduced to
one-half by erecting all the arms but two; said two
should be those left in line with one diameter of the
wheel, so as to equalizer the timely movements of the
press.
The degree of pressure expended upon the molds
may be graduated by the bar A’, fig. 1, under which
the end of the radial arms pass as they rotate, and
by which they are prevented from slipping from their
engagement with the lever F until the arrival of the
arm to the shoulder B’ of the bar. The arm then
will slip over the shoulder and slide off over the end
of the lever, thereby relieving the mold from further
pressure.
it will be obvious that the longer the radial arm is
continued in contact with the lever the greater will
be the downward movement of the follower, henceé, a
greater pressure upon the mold will be the cone-
sequence.
The distance of the descent of the follower may be
shortened, and the consequent pressure. upon the
molds lessened by moving the bar A’ back, as india-
cited by the dotted lines d, by méans of the adjust-
ing-lever C’, the lower end of which is held in place .
by a pin dropping into the holes F.-
This backward adjustment of the bar allows the
radial arms to slip from their engagement with the
lever sooner, as the distance it may have to traverse
to reach the shoulder is shortened, therefore the de-
 
101,6scent of the follower and its pressure will be.core-
spondingly Jess.
The ascent of the follower is actuated in a core-
spending manner and time by the shoulder D’ of the
bar, hence, its descent and ascent is made -in equal
time, as the adjustment.of the rod may determine,
In connection with the table W, referred to, is used
& portable table By, fig. 5, mounted upon the wheels
As fast as the filled molds -are pushed: out ‘from
under the press, they slide over the permanent. table
W to the portable table E’, onto and down which
they slide to the lower end.
The table, on being filled with molds, is then de-
cached from the machine and wheeled off to the place
for drying.
By this means much time-and labor are saved in re-
moving the molds from the machine, which is orden-
family done by hand, one at a time.
Cc claim.
What I claim as my invention, and desire to secure
by Letters Patent, is—
1. The wheel J, provided with piloted radial arms
L M, more or less in number, substantially in the
manner as described and for the purpose set forth.
2..The levers F G, as arranged, in combination
with the’ standard En when operated by the radial
arms L M, in the manner. as described and for the
purpose specified.
3. The adjusting sliding bar A’, as arranged i in re-
nation to and in combination with the radial arms.
M, substantially as and for the purpose set forth.
4. The discharging-wheel N, provided with piloted
radial arms L’ M’, as arranged in relation to the wheel
I and radial arms L M, and in combination with the
arms P for operating the slide Q, in the manner sub-
spatially as described and for the purpose specified.
Witnesses: C. V. HEMENWAY.
J. H. BRIDGE,
‘D.~ L, Humeuey.
Lt
UNITED STATES PATENT OFFICE.
AES TREE, Of SAM, PENNSYLVANIA.
PROPELLER.
Specification of Letters Patent No,
To all whom tt may concern:
Be it known that I, Famous Trees, of
Salem, in the county of Westmoreland and
State of Pennsylvania, have invented cer-
tain new and useful Improvements in Sub-
merged Propellers; and I do hereby declare
the following to be a full, clear, and exact
description of the same, reference being had
to the accompanying drawings, making a.
part thereof, in which—
Figure 1 represents a propeller with held-
cal tubes; and Fig. 2 represents a propeller
with helical floats, lanes, or buckets with-
out the shell, similar letters in both the
figures representing corresponding parts.
Letters Patent of the United States were
granted to me on the 14th day of May A. D.
1850, for giving the shell of a submerged
propeller the form of a section cut from the
open extremity of sea shells (of the class
represented -in the said patent)—the mouth
cf the helical tube at which the water enters
being of greater area than its hinder ex-
treaty at which the water is discharged.
The nature of my present invention con-
lists in the application to submerged pro-
péller whose area where the water enters is
greater than the hinder extremity where
the water escapes, of blades or lanes, and
a shaft to which they are attached all taper-
ing from front to rear. “Assuming as the
front of said blades and shaft, that part
where the blades first impinge upon. the
water, and where the propulsion commences.
To enable others skilled in the art to make
and use my invention I will proceed to de-
scribe the same with reference to the draw-
inns.
‘Fig. 1 represents one of the class of pro-
sellers represented in the patent above |re-
feared to, but in which my improvements
are incorporated, viz: the shaft A is made
to taper reward, at an angle varying from
two to five degrees, which taper, however,
must depend to a great extent upon the
length of the propeller or its shaft. The
taper of the shaft reward, should com-
hence at or near the point, where the fronts
of the blades are attached to it, and from
this point forward the shaft should be made
conical, so as to enter the water easily, not
 
10,164, dated October 25, 1853,
presenting a too abrupt surface to the action
of the water. B, represents the helical
tubes, of. the form described in my patent,
above referred to; C, the shell or periphery
of the propeller, and D, the blades or lanes,
which also are ticket at their fronts, and
taper off to a sharp edge at the rear, as
shown in the section D, detached, which is
taken through the blade in a line parallel
with the shaft, the object being to present
the ticket part of the shell and blades, as
well as of the shaft, first to the water, and to
effect a more easy passage through the
water; the blades and shaft being shaped
somewhat like the horizontal water lines of
a ship or other vessel.
Fig. 2 represents the application of this
general principle to propellers of more com-
mon forms, but where the same respective
areas of mouth or inlet, and discharge are
maintained. A, represents the tapering
shaft, and D, the blades or lanes chemically
arranged around the shaft, having their
fronts ticket, and tapering to the rear, as
seen on the edge of one of the blades in
said Fig. 2. In this case as in the former
the blades and shaft both taper reward
from or near the point where they begin to
catch hold of the water or to act in propel-
ling. Forward of this point the shaft is
rounded off, as well as the ends of the
blades, so as, to operate as a wedge in di-
riding the water, and not to present a re-
trading surface. ;
Having thus fully described the nature
of my invention what I claim therein as
new, and desire to secure by Letters Patent
18:
The combination with submerged propel-
less, whose area where the water enters is
greater than the hinder extremity where the
water escapes, of helical blades or lanes and
a tapering shaft to which they are attached,
both the blades and shaft tapering from
front to rear, substantially in the manner
and for the purpose set forth.
AES TREE.
Witnesses:
John Humus,
Samuel Bishop.
 
> United States
Patent Office.
 
 
JOSIAH OOTHOUDT, Of MNE APOLIS, IN NESOTA,
Letters Patent No. 101,653, dated April 5, 1870.
nen To Oe
IMPROVEMENT In LAT-MACHINE.
SeneneEnEnedE eee
The Schedule referred to in these Letters Patent and making part of the same,
To all whom it may concern:
Be it known that I, Jordan OorHount, of Mine-
polis, in the county of Hennepin and State of Min-
nota, have invented certain new and useful Improve-
meets in Math-Machines; and I do hereby declare
that the following is a full, clear, and exact describe-
tion thereof, reference being had to the accompanying
drawings and to the letters of reference marked there-
on, which form a part of this specification. -
_ The nature of my invention consists in the construct-
tion and general arrangement of a machine for saw-
ing paths, wickets, &c., whereby Am enabled‘to saw
a series of bolts or blocks at the same time with one
saw.
In order to enable others skilled in the art to which
my invention pertains to make and use the same, I
will now proceed to describe its construction and opera-
tion, referring to the annexed drawings, in which—
Figure 1 is a side elevation;
Figure 2, a plan view; and
Figure 3, an end view of the machine.
Figure 4 is a plan of the right and left-hand screw,
showing how the dogs are operated; and
Figure 5 is a side view of the spiral spring, clamp,
and pin.
A represents the frame of the machine, in the cen-
ter of which is mounted horizontally the circular saw
B, which is made in sections upon a cast-iron center. .
Upon the frame A moves the carriage C, one-half
of which is made so as to form spaces D.
These spaces receive the ‘slabs, which are held in
place by dogs a a, moved back and forth by right and
left-hand screws B 0.
The screws are turned by small opinions ¢ c, passing
through the rack d on the frame A.
The movable ways E E, on the inside of the frame
below the slab-holders, are for the purpose of reg-
rating the thickness of the bolt to be saw from the
slab, and the upright dogs F F, above the slab-hold-
ers, are to keep the slabs from tipping down when first
- placed in the machine. _
The other half of the carriage © is provided with a
series of camps, ¢ ¢, for the purpose of holding, side-
wise, bolts from which are to be saw paths, &e.
The movable clamp e is operated by a spiral spring,
J, around the clamp-pin g, in connection with the
level-lug or cam & on the side of the frame A.
The little spring and catch é, over the clamp-pin g,
is for the purpose of holding the clamp open after it
has passed to the right of the level-lug h, so that the
 
operator can put in bolts while the carriage is in
motion.
On top of the level-lug & is an oval projection to
raise the catch i out of the note in the clamp-pin, so
that the clamp will faster the bolt-the instant it passes
to the left of the Ing.
Below the camps, inside of the frame A, are ad-
stable ways G G to regulate the thickness.
On the side of the frame A is a level-gear, H, on
the same shaft with which is a small. opinion working
in a rack-bar on the under side of the carriage C, to
move the same in either direction. -
The shaft I, pulled J, and opinions m m, commune-
cate motion to the’ gear-wheel H, while, by means of
the clutch &, lever 4, and weights n 0, I am enabled
instantly to reverse the motion of the carriage.
The weight x on the clutch-lever 7 balances the
clutch, so that it will remain up or down, as the case.
may be, and the upright lever », carrying the weight
0, being disconnected from the clutch, 18 carried up by
the happens on the carriage until the weight is past
the center, when it falls, driving the clutch into the
opposite gear, which shifts the feed at once.
On the same side of the machine is-a-wrote and
rod, K, connected with the upright lever I on the
opposite side, for the purpose of throwing the clutch
out of gear at will. ;
. On each side of the saw B is an endless rack, M,
to receive the bolts cut from the slabs at one end of
the machine, and the paths, &c., ent at the other,
Having thus fully described my invention,
What I claim as new, and desire to secure by Let-
term Patent, is—
__ i. The arrangement of the frame A, saw B, car-.
ridge C, adjustable ways E G, dogs @ a, screws b, pin-
ions ¢, racks d, clamp e, spring f, pin g, lug or cam h,
and spring catch 4, all constructed and operating sub-
spatially as herein set forth.
2, The arrangement with the above of the gear H,
‘shaft I, pulled J, opinions m, clutch k, levers 7 p, Weights
n 0, notch and rod K, lever L, and endless racks M
M, all substantially as and for the purposes herein
set forth. . ee
In testimony that I claim the foregoing as my own,
Lt fix my signature in presence-of tico witnesses,
JOSIAH OOTHOUDT.
Witnesses:
ALB MIT,
A. J. Top,
